Make Backend Arguments Configurable (#176)
spiffe/tornjak: docs/config-tornjak-server.md

| `--tornjak-config`     | Config file path for Tornjak agent |         | true     |
| `--expandEnv`          | If flag included, expand environment variables in Tornjak config | false   | false    |

Note these flags are passed in directly through the Tornjak container. 

### `tornjak-backend serverinfo`
Prints the SPIRE config and Tornjak config given. 

### `tornjak-backend http`

Runs the tornjak server. 

## The Tornjak Config

The Tornjak config that is passed in must follow a specific format. Examples of this format can be found [below](#sample-configuration-files). In general, it is split into the `server` section with [general Tornjak server configs](#general-tornjak-server-configs), and the `plugins` section. 

## General Tornjak Server Configs
The server config will contain information for the three potential connections: HTTP, TLS, and mTLS. See below for sample configuration:

```hcl
server {

    spire_socket_path = "unix:///tmp/spire-server/private/api.sock" # socket to communicate with SPIRE server

    http {
        enabled = true # if true, opens HTTP. if false, no HTTP connection opened

> 	    port = ":10000" # if HTTP enabled, opens HTTP listen port at container port 10000

Reviewer: I think these are still using the old format with ":"

# Tornjak Server Configuration Reference

> This document is a reference for the Tornjak server. This is designed after the [SPIRE server config](https://github.com/spiffe/spire/blob/main/doc/spire_server.md). It includes information about plugin types, built-in plugins, the server configuration file, plugin configuration, and command line options for `tornjak-agent` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is a reference for the Tornjak server and it follows the [SPIRE server config](https://github.com/spiffe/spire/blob/main/doc/spire_server.md). It includes information about plugin types, built-in plugins, the server configuration file, plugin configuration, and command line options for `tornjak-agent` commands.
```

    }

    tls {
        enabled = true # if true, opens TLS. if false, no TLS connection opened
        listen_port = ":20000" # if enabled, opens TLS listen port at container port 20000
        cert = "sample-keys/tls.pem" # path of certificate for TLS
        key = "sample-keys/key.pem" # path of keys for TLS
    }

    mtls {
        enabled = true # if true, opens mTLS. if false, no mTLS connection opened
        listen_port = ":30000" # if enabled, opens mTLS listen port at container port 30000
        cert = "sample-keys/tls.pem" # path of certificate for mTLS
        key = "sample-keys/key.pem" # path of keys for mTLS
        ca = "sample-keys/rootCA.pem" # path of CA for mTLS
    }
}
```

We have three connection types that can be opened by the server simultaneously: HTTP, TLS, and mTLS. At least one must be enabled, or the program will exit immediately. If one connection crashes, the error is logged, and the others will still run. When all crash, the process crashes. 

If a section is omitted, that connection will not be created. If all are omitted, the program will exit immediately. 

> If there is no config file given at all, the backend will create one HTTP connection at port 10000. 

Author: right - I think this was leftover. I set the config to be required now at the top so i'll delete this line

## About Tornjak plugins

### Plugin types

| Type           | Description | Required |
|:---------------|:------------|:---------|
| DataStore      | Provides persistent storage for Tornjak metadata. | True |

> | UserManagement | Secures Tornjak agent and enables authorization logic | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| UserManagement | Secures access to Tornjak agent and enables authorization logic | False |
```
